SAYASH RAAJ CE19B113 SAARANG DEVOPS

9372870316

Q1)
Website: moodi.org

The website is very user friendly, with all the important links in the hompage in the format of a horizontal navigation bar, and buttons with font size greater than 12 px, making them more visible as soon as the website is loaded.
The color scheme is brilliant, with rainbow-themed color scheme for the background, and a black and white color scheme for the text.
The homepage is a scrollable static loaded webpage with no dynamically loaded components, thus making for a smooth and faster landing page
The information is in the form of a non-conventional black on color and white on color format, as opposed to the classic webpage with black on white text formatting
The logo is to the point, incites a feeling of being happy and being in a festive mood, and the website is built as an extension to the logo's design
Webpages take some time to lead initially, which is not a good sign for scaling a large website, which although, a simple college fest website like moodi.org does not need.
Errors in the console log show proper 404 erros, which indicates error handling has been taken care of, possibly utilising catch and try.
The performance is adequate, but as mentioned earlier, the webpages take some time to load initially with the loading image lasting for a few seconds before the webpage is displayed

Q2)

React App

Q3)

As a Saarang DevOps coordinator, I would be responsible to work in a team and build the website and mobile apps pertaining to Saarang's needs.
More importantly, maintaining the website and being hands-on for most of the time, making sure that everything runs smoothly, would be on a higher priority. We would, after all, be representing the biggest student run fest in India! Saarang has to be flawless!

Q4)

I can dedicate as many hours as required for the team's work to progress and for the Saarang. This is my passion, and the work being done in this team, it doesn't feel tedious to me. To me, it is fun, as I am interested in DevOps and I want to learn more while making Saarang a huge success!